---
title: "Episode 1"
date: 2024-10-30T21:42:58+09:00
draft: true
---

This is here is a script i will be using for ep1, which will mainly be about myself, my personality and my background, maybe my early days when i was living in Korea. So my next video could probably be part2 when i went to Japan and studied abroad there.

## about myself (personality-wise)
(start of the video, maybe after an intro sequence i migth make?) hey, my name is byun. if there is one thing you should know about me personality-wise, its that i am a cmoplete introvert. I know people kinda just say that they're introverted too, like all the time? but no, im talking like, im afraid of answering phone calls at the age of 27, kind of introvertedness. if you ever did one of those mbti personality test, I am an ISTP, which is another way of saying that you're a sociopath that is destined to live alone. that was a joke... But if we're talking about me, I am absolutely a sociopath that is destined to live alone. But... I'm probably simplifying things too much, so let me elaborate, by explaining about myself and my personality in this video.

## Childhood
So, I am 100% Korean, and was born and raise in South Korea until 15, the land of kpop. I feel like this should have been obvious by my Korean voice I think... no im just kidding haha. but seriously if you look at my face and the way i dress you will probably be able to tell that im korean, but uhh maybe ill do a face reveal video at 100k subs. Oh and yeah English is my second language, and im planning on making a video on how i got to learn English in Korea, but in a nutshell, my childhood was wasted completely on learning this language :3. anyways, so as a kid born in Korea, it was pretty tough for me to socialize with other people. Mostly because I did not want to socialize, but you were still shoved into a room full of other kids and was just forced to socialize. That is one thing I hated about being a Korean, is that Koreans, esp young Koreans...they like grouping together a lot. In any scenario, whether your going to out to eat or hang out or go to the friggin bathroom, they always do it with company. I always found that to be... exhausting.and also the bathroom thing is just... hard to understand.... and because of this stupid custom of bringing your classmates to the school bathroom, i have had to stand next to people peeing, in an awkward position _video: (a friend sees you pee, and says "nice schlong")
I guess the point is to just, chat with them EVEN in the bathroom. But like hah... wth man. This mostly happened in a Korean middle school btw, so it was right when people started to look, pretty gross and shit, from hitting puberty and being a semi adult, so it made the experience twice as horrendous... that doesnt mean I tried to look at people pee, i swear that didnt happen, at least not intentionally!
Well, right now I feel that the bathroom business is obviously pretty stupid ., but at the time, I wanted to FIT IN pretty badly, so I followed along my friends whenever they went to the bathroom because I didnt want to feel left out. So uhh more shlong for me to see, hooray._video: zooming into me with dumbfounded face, one with small pupils, and maybe Ill say something like, "someone please gouge my eyeballs out". 
Thankfully though, im not a weak ass wimp like I was back then, so now when people want me to go to the bathroom with them, I am capable of saying, fuck no. That doesnt actually happen btw, this is only a teenager thing.
## Loneliness
But back to my personality. So one keyword that relates to my personality, is loneliness. I do not feel lonely, at all, and i never have in my life, like ever. Which is such a great excuse to why I can never find myself a girlfriend _video: (sad music). the last time i had a girl friend was freshman year in university. I used to go to a school in Japan, which I'll make another follow up video about. Some time after graduating middle school, I decided that hanging out with friends and doing things together all the time with them is, not something that I will do in the future. (1.2 5 and 6, i also need to say "노래방" means karaoke) So thats when I started to just stay in my room more and play games all day. I did still play games together with my high school friends occasionally, but sometimes when I felt I needed some alone time, i would just straight up tell my friends that I kinda need time alone right now and that I want to be left alone.
Now, if you were my friend from school that wanted to hang out with me, but if i told you that I need alone time, what would your honest response be? I feel like probably most of you would probably be able to understand it. Koreans on the other hand, i think they have a much more difficult time understanding that entire concept of enjoying being alone. At least, thats how I felt 10 years ago, things have changed a lot since then, but even now I would argue Koreans still would much rather do things together than be alone, and would stare at you if you ever visit some diner all alone without any company.

## Loneliness in Korea
Let me give you an example of what im talking about. one time, i talked with a girl randomly that needed to do a survey for this class, and I decided to participate. We went to a cafe nearby and started making small talk. and while we were talking we randomly started talking about personalitiesg I shared with the her the fact that I usually just spend time alone because I like it. Then her response was something along the lines of, "oh deader I wonder how that happened". This, honestly kind of baffled me. Cuz basically the implication is that, spending time alone is a problem. i even asked her, "oh so you think me spending the majority of my time alone and enjoying it is some sort of problem that needs to be fixed?" and she responded with "well socially it is a problem." and I think this statement, to some extent is true, but still its definitely a problematic statement, though I couldnt quite put my finger on, why that is. Cuz I mean what the heck do you want me to do about it then, right, just fix my personality?? If you're trying to make the argument that, i dont enjoy socializing because im just not used to it, and Im not trying hard enough to go out and talk to people, you gotta realize that, I was forced to socialize for my entire life from going to school and working part time jobs and working as an intern, and stuff (ep1.3 13). Did I enjoy those expereinces? yes I did. (just use default face from ep1.3 13 here). Meeting new people and talking to them is definitely fun, even for an extreme introvert like myself. especially if i share the same interest as them (1.3 14).
BUT the problem with socializing for me is that, it is EXTREMELY EXHASUTING! . _video: getting the life sucked out of me, someone asks "oh god what happened to you" and I go "I talked with a human being for longer than an hour" and the other person just has a big question mark.

So telling me that I should "Try harder on being more social" is... honestly not good advice. I used to HATE going to school because I had to socialize out of my will. (1.3 18)

Part of the reason why i think socialziing is exhuasting, is because I kept pretending like I cared about all the things people had to talk about. Back in middle school, I remember how, if you didnt have many friends, thats a big L (1.3 19). I as a young kid, did not want to be seen as a loser, so I would pretend like I cared about what was happening with everybody and try to hang out with them.  Usually the things that people talked about were, celebrity gossip, and dramas, and kpop. So all the girls would be like, (enter video audio HERE!!)BigBang, 2NE1, KARA, BEAST, then 2PM... and 2AM??
These are actual idol group names btw,. I mean, 2pm?? and if that wasnt enough there was 2 fucking am? the fuck? how about 200 BC and 1100AD? those sound like solid kpop group names
btw i have nothing against kpop, i think kpop is great. a lot of kpop music are bangers, but come the fuck on with the names.

So the bottom line is, I tried my best to get used to socializing, but after 27 years I still like being alone better. so when you see a person like me, that says that they're a homebody and would rather stay home and not socialize, treat them how you would anybody else, with respect to their personality traits.
Dont be like Korean Society that treats "being alone" as a problem. But I probably am simplying introverts a little here, i know that being an introvert is not just a black and white thing, and someone can be a little bit introverted.

_video: have a person with society carved in its face say "my god this man needs help", and its just pointing at me, staring at him angrily
and i know some ass-hat is gonna be like a smart ass and be like,
_video: smart ass goes "uhm are you suggesting that, all introverts are just homebodies that stay in their room? Introversion is a spectrum, and its not all just black and white. So what you're doing is hasty generalization of relatively introverted people". 
and I go "Tell that to Society! That argument is EXACTLY what I want to tell them! Even though I enjoy being alone, I ALSO do enjoy socializing when I actually get to meet people! But society is the one that paints us introverts with a broad brush, and the people in it, namely Koreans, tend to just think that there is something wrong with us introverts and that we need fixing.
Thats what I want to tell society, so yeah go do your worst to society over there!
smart ass goes "well my argument is not directed to society, its directed to you, you were condemning society, only to proceed to use the same kind of logic to dumb down introverts"
I sigh, and say "alrighty then, i guess i have no choice" then I turn them into a Korean, with kpop hair and makeup on, and i go "you were being annoying? so i cursed you into being a Korean. so now you have kpop hair and makeup on. us Koreans have that kind of power. you look gorgeous by the way." and the viewer goes "...hey uhh you want to go to the bathroom together?" and I go "dear god...ive created a monster")


## Outro
_video: thanks for watching! its pretty fun venting my frustrations of youtube, not gonna lie. I do wanna say that, most of these venting isnt supposed to be taken too seriously. anyways,
i have many follow videos that i will be making soon, so stay tuned!

im probably gonna make a video about my childhood life, of living in Korea until i was 16. at which point, I actually moved to China for 3 years and studied in an internation school...and then i went to a Japanese university... so yeah a lot of things happened, so yeah! stay tuned, smiley face